[upbeat hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[Saxe] Previously on Ghost...
[Theo] I took the fall for you
because you was
gonna be somebody.
- Okay. come on...
- [Theo] Finish your beer.
then drop me off at
the treatment facility.
Don't bother visiting!
[Tariq] Russian motherfuckers.
They got a drug shipment
coming in tomorrow.
You could take
credit for the bust.
It'd get you back
up in the polls.
[Tate] This significant
victory is due
to the hard work of my
brothers and sisters
in arms in the NYPD.
I just want to say thank
you for what you did.
- [Effie] What did I do?
- [Cane] Saved us all
when you took out Lauren.
I'm sorry I didn't
make it last night.
- I...
- I don't care!
I'm moving to OKC.
and I don't want any of
this drama following me.
[Lucas] You think
Weston Holdings
is a giant Ponzi scheme.
You're right.
You guys are fucking criminals!
- [Lucas laughs]
- Wow.
When he and Tariq are
running a drug operation
under my roof.
We've known since the beginning.
So keep your fucking mouth shut.
[Blanca] The packaging
for the drugs
that you found at
Weston Holdings
is a match for
the drugs we found
on the Stansfield rooftop
and the Jamaica Avenue
Boys crime scene.
Sounds like a RICO to me.
[dramatic music plays]
I trusted you.
- [gunshot]
- [grunts]
Dru. what the fuck?
[Dru] He killed Papi.
[indistinct chatter]
Police! Hands on the table.
[Blanca] Diana Tejada.
you are under arrest
for possession of
an illegal narcotic
- with intent to distribute.
- Ma?
I'm coming to get you. baby.
[Lauren] The Feds are
building a RICO case
against you and the Tejadas.
A RICO? How did Saxe not see
this shit coming?
He did.
[Saxe] I'm working with you
because it's the
best way to bring
these motherfuckers
down. but you lie to me.
I won't hesitate to burn you.
Saxe is working with the Feds.
Saxe is a fucking mole.
[Joe] ♪ They say this
is A big. rich town ♪
♪ I just come From
the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it This
is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal.
baby I gotta make it ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ I never took
A straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists And
turns. bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live. I learn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
Yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start In
these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey. I grew up in hell
A block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15
minutes They moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow. bag it
Then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options Get
some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap
Learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it. man
In the meantime ♪
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal. royal
flow My James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007 That's
62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes ♪
♪ And tell her
Baby. I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration
You're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that I'm
Moving with no hesitation ♪
[Joe] ♪ They say this
is A big. rich town ♪
♪ Yeah. I just come
From the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it This
is where it goes down ♪
♪ Oh. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal.
baby I gotta make it ♪
♪ ♪
[bottle smashes]
What?
[Davis grunts]
Ain't life a motherfucker?
[Saxe] Hey. why-why don't we...
why don't we step
away from the edge?
- Huh?
- [Davis] Ah. ah. ah.
Don't be coming over here
without that six-pack.
28 years. Cooper!
28 years. I've been waiting
for my brother to get out.
And now?
He won't even see me.
Life is a motherfucker.
Mm-hmm.
Now come here.
Come on. come on...
No. I don't wanna do this.
No. no. no. Come on.
come on. come on.
All right. to. uh...
to trying to do the right thing
but gettin' fuck all for it.
Damn right.
[laughing] Okay.
Wow. that's impressive.
[sighs]
You know. behind
all that hair gel.
you're a half
decent motherfucker.
[phone buzzes]
Oh. oh. shit.
I gotta take this.
Yeah. Yeah. I got it.
[phone buzzing]
[Davis] MacLean.
What?
[uneasy music plays]
I had no idea.
I'll take care of it.
♪ ♪
[Monet] Hurry up! I
ain't raise no snitch.
but they gonna lean on her hard.
- [Davis] I'm on it.
- [Monet] All right.
Fuck. If it was two.
I wouldn't be so
fucking worried.
But Diana...
Ma. Diana's hard. all right?
Yeah. hard enough to
look out for herself
and sell my ass out.
♪ ♪
I'ma go to Stansfield and
see what I can find out.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Diana Tejada's been arrested.
I have to go to the precinct.
Hold on. hold on.
You are in no shape to
represent anyone tonight.
Fuck. no. But I
got about 20 blocks
to sober the fuck up.
Ah!
I'll go.
You can do the
arraignment tomorrow.
No. no. no. Monet
Tejada'd cut off my balls.
and I like my balls. Cooper.
Tell her I know the shit
they're gonna pull in there.
I used to do it.
You sure?
Absolutely!
I got this.
I owe you one. my guy.
[scoffs]
And uh. take it
easy out here. huh?
[phone chimes]
Look. this is all a setup.
You got a call from a
guy named Salim. right?
He's just trying to get
back at me for breaking up
with him. Simple.
No. not simple.
We have you on felony possession
with intent to
distribute. Diana.
That's up to nine years upstate.
Okay. but you can't prove
felony weight from
a photo. so...
Oh! You're an expert.
Yeah. the way you guys harass
my family. I have to be.
We don't have just a photo.
So book me then.
We thought we'd give you
a chance to avoid that.
I'm good.
Besides. I'm a
first-time offender.
so I'm looking at a misdemeanor
and community service.
If the judge agrees.
With your last name. you
think he's gonna do that?
We know you're trying to
turn your life around. Diana.
and we want to help.
Clearly. she knows how it works.
You got to give to
get. right. mamita?
[elevator dings]
Yo. Davis.
Hey. hey. hey. come on in.
What's this about?
Saxe was fucking
lying. man. A'ight?
The Feds are looking at
me for Lauren Baldwin.
It's part of a
fucking RICO case.
A RICO?
- [Tariq] Yes.
- With the Feds?
[Tariq] Yes. Davis.
the fucking Feds!
All right. how would
Saxe know about this?
He's their fucking CI.
Yeah.
Who's this fucking coming from?
Lauren Baldwin told me.
Man. she's been alive
this whole time.
She's been in
protective custody.
[safe beeping]
[grunts]
[Tariq] Whoa. Davis. Davis.
What the fuck you doing?
You can't do that. bro!
Nigga. get the fuck out my face!
There's eyes on all of us!
All of us! You gotta
fucking think. Davis.
Come on!
Fuck!
Yo. just... just try
to stay calm. a'ight?
We can't let Saxe
know that we on to him
until we figure out
what the fuck he knows.
[breathing heavily]
That motherfucker is on his
way to the precinct right now.
Diana Tejada got arrested.
He's representing her.
Wait. wait. wait. what?
That means anything
she tells him.
he'll bring straight
to the fucking Feds.
I know. I'm on my fucking way.
- [Tariq] Davis!
- I know.
Act like he's not a
traitorous rat bastard.
[snorting angrily]
♪ ♪
[Diana] Even if I wanted
to help you out. I can't.
I'm just trying to
get through college.
[Blanca scoffs] A college
that you transferred into
to be with Tariq St. Patrick.
Tariq?
The guy who used
to tutor my cousin?
[Jenny] Cut the shit. Diana.
We know he works with
your brother Cane.
And Monet.
She probably got him
to kill Dante Spears.
Okay.
So then who do you really want?
You want Tariq.
or you want Monet?
[tense music plays]
[sighs] When Zeke died.
I did Diana dirty.
but I was out of my head. Dru.
She gotta understand that.
[knocking]
That's not a cop knock.
Well. go see who the fuck it is.
[Dru] Shit.
♪ ♪
You better have a damn good
reason for showing up here.
What is it. Tariq?
You got something to do
with Diana being arrested?
[sighs] We all do.
They're trying to hit us
with a fucking RICO. y'all.
♪ ♪
This is a RICO. Diana.
[Blanca] You know how
that works. right?
Any little thing you ever did
to help Tariq or your family
- with the drug business...
- [Jenny] Like. say.
putting a little
product into a locker.
And you're looking at
20 years' federal time.
Well. I think you
guys are confused.
because my family runs a bar.
[disbelieving laughter] Damn!
I mean. that's a
lot of dead bodies
- for serving cocktails.
- Whoo!
What. we got
Detective Whitman...
Mm-hmm.
Zeke...
- Carrie.
- Carrie Milgram.
Jabari Reynolds...
Your dad.
I mean. it goes all the
way back to Ramirez.
the dirty cop that your
mom had between her legs
till one of you popped him.
I think you two are just
a couple of hood stans
who watch way too
much Law and Order.
[Blanca] Diana! [bangs table]
I am not gonna lie to you.
I'm going scorched
earth on this one.
So the only question is.
which side of the bars
you gonna be on when
the smoke clears?
♪ ♪
[knocking]
[Effie] Hold on! Fuck.
[scoffs] Oh. hell no.
You pay my tuition and you think
you can just run
up on me like this?
Relax. okay?
Diana just got roped up.
[sighs] [whispers] Fuck.
Come on.
They brought her
in on possession.
Now you know how she
might have got caught up?
Listen. Effie. this could've
happened to any one of us.
- [Effie] Yeah. but it didn't.
- You're right.
You're right.
It happened to my little sister.
All right? And I know y'all got
the same bad taste
in scrawny niggas.
but she's not gonna be sitting
in no fucked-up-ass jail cell
if there's anything
I can do about it.
She was dealing out
the campus candy store.
Maybe she got caught
on the roof camera.
Bet. Say less.
Cane?
What's up?
It was really nice. what
you did with my tuition.
Yeah. well. you
really want this shit.
and you're good at it. so...
And you did it with
no expectations?
I don't want shit from you.
Why is that so hard for
you to believe. Effie?
Because you are who you are.
Yeah. well. maybe
you don't know me.
[Summer Walker] ♪ Girls can't
never say they need it ♪
♪ Girls can't never
say Now oh wow ♪
♪ Give it to me Like
you need it baby ♪
♪ Want you to hear me
Screaming. heavy breathing ♪
♪ I don't need
a reason. Baby ♪
♪ I want it till
You can't fight ♪
♪ I can give it to
you Right. babe. oh ♪
♪ I wanna be your healing ♪
♪ I can be real good ♪
♪ Please don't get
In your feelings ♪
♪ Ay. I need some
lo-o-o-o-ove ♪
♪ Ay. and you can't judge ♪
♪ Girls need love too ♪
♪ So what's a girl to do ♪
♪ When she needs Loving too? ♪
[Jenny sighs]
Cooper. what are you doing here?
I am representing Diana Tejada.
- What?
- [Saxe] I know.
Too good to be true. right?
Or too fucking unethical!
[scoffs]
Didn't we cross that
line a while back?
You weren't pretending to
be Davis' legal counsel.
It isn't worth the risk. Cooper.
We need this.
We still don't
know their connect.
where their stash house
is. who calls the shots.
She could give us all of that.
[sighs]
[phone buzzes]
Yeah?
[Tariq] The Tejadas
are all caught up.
- You good?
- I got it.
[Tariq] A'ight. make sure
you take care of your end.
I said I got it.
[huffs]
[Saxe whispering]
Go in with her and I'm just
gonna ask a few questions.
She's gonna...
[ominous music plays]
♪ ♪
She's gonna lead
us right to the...
[Davis clears throat]
Hey. Davis. I was just...
I was. uh. telling her
that. uh. she can't
question our client
without her attorney present.
Uh. you decided to come.
Two heads are better
than one. right?
Ms. Sullivan.
[sighs] [whispers] Fuck. Fuck.
[sighs]
[Davis] Okay. Diana. first off.
from now on. you
only talk to me.
Us.
You should be out real quick.
I mean. they don't have a case
against you. and they know it.
Well. they do have that video.
And they might have gotten
the bag from the locker...
A bag whose contents you have
zero firsthand knowledge of.
Okay. okay. Let's
say that's true.
We should still discuss who
told you about those lockers.
Immaterial.
She doesn't know
what was in the bag.
Well. she hasn't exactly said.
She hadn't said she does.
Because we haven't heard
her side of the story.
Oh. my... can you
both just shut up?
You're right. Excuse us.
We haven't even
asked what you want.
Please. go ahead.
They are threatening
to go after my family.
So none of this falls
on anyone but me.
Understood.
Absolutely.
But that might require
you to plead guilty.
and as officers of the court.
we can't let you do that if
you're. in fact. innocent.
Okay.
Well. what if I do know
what was in the bag?
- What if I...
- [coffee splashes]
- [gasps]
- Oh. I'm...
partner. I am so sorry.
- So. so sorry.
- [Saxe winces]
Ah! Oh. God.
[Davis] You know what?
Come on. Come on.
Let's go get that
cleaned up. man.
Jesus Christ. Davis!
Yeah. that's gonna leave a mark.
We've got a sous vide
pork chop over here.
Diana. I believe we
have enough for now.
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[door bangs]
[sighs]
[phone buzzes]
Oh. shit.
I gotta dip.
Ain't nobody asked you to stay.
Okay. Nola darling.
Ain't nobody here to
shake up your lovin' bed.
[giggles] Shut up.
No. but for real.
though. it's all good.
I don't need you calling
and checking up on me.
asking how I'm doing.
none of that bullshit.
Yeah. well. actually.
I do have to call you.
Remember?
We're still in
business together.
- Mm-hmm.
- [knock at door]
[Tariq] Yo. Effie.
could you talk?
[Cane] You still
fucking with Slim Fit?
No.
[Tariq knocks] Real quick.
It's about business.
I don't feel like dealing
with this today. okay?
So maybe you just...
What? You mean hide in
the bathroom like a simp?
Cane. 30 seconds.
Please.
This is crazy.
[mouthing words]
[sighs]
Fuck do you want?
Well. you wanted back
in the business. right?
I got a job for you.
A job?
Nigga. who am I. TaskRabbit?
Well. I need someone
to pick up the cups
and fill out these orders.
Fuck you!
That's a job for a corner boy.
Look. the Street's got
some heat right now.
If the boys is hot. we
gotta get 'em the fuck
off of Wall Street. Effie.
It's true.
But still. fuck you.
You gotta make money.
I gotta move product.
We don't got to like
each other to work.
Tariq. I do this. I
want my own product.
[Tariq] All right. fine.
One brick a week.
Go take care of it.
[phone buzzes]
[door shuts]
[phone chimes]
Sorry to bring you
out here for bad news.
but when I stepped
away. shit got sloppy.
But now I'm back.
making things right.
First. we got to shut
down our operations
for a couple of days.
A couple days?
- You know how much m...
- Shh!
Let her finish.
Look. the Feds are watching us.
As of right now. this ain't
got shit to do with y'all.
They don't know we
workin' together.
Y'all just lay low while
I dead this investigation.
This shit will never touch you.
Dead the investigation how?
The less you know. the
better off you'll be.
If we ain't in on this. we
ain't shutting down business.
Fuck that!
You watch your mouth!
Yes. we do.
I'm not losing any
more family to prison!
[speaks Spanish]
All right?
Hmm?
[sighing]
There's nothing more to discuss.
Come on. Vamo.Let's go.
You know where Gordo is?
He's not picking
up any of my calls.
[tense music plays]
No. um...
no. I haven't heard from him.
Trouble in paradise. Romeo?
No.
No. we're all good.
♪ ♪
[door closes]
At my house. really?
[KeKe] Walk with me.
What the fuck are
you doing here?
[KeKe] Just checking up on
my little Inspector Gadget.
Not him. but. you know.
they do sort of look alike.
- KeKe?
- [KeKe] Okay. look.
When you didn't show up
today. me and Lucas thought
we should check in.
make sure you're
not overreacting.
Overreacting.
You're stealing
people's life savings
and ruining their lives.
Please!
Those people are rich. clueless.
They'll never even miss it.
Okay. so they're not gonna miss
their retirement accounts.
pensions. none of that?
Are you kidding me?
Brayden. you're a drug dealer.
You sell people
poison for a living.
[Brayden] Keep it down.
Look. you're just in
your feelings right now
because our clients look
and talk just like you.
Not the Tejadas.
Yeah. about that...
Monet Tejada's been
calling all morning.
demanding to have a
meeting with Lucas.
[scoffs] You know we can't
have that kind of exposure.
I know.
Okay.
So you're gonna put your suit on
and handle your investor.
Capisce?
[sighs]
Ma. what's up?
What. you don't care
about this family no more?
What you mean? I'm out here
trying to help out Diana.
You was helping
your dick. nigga.
I ain't stupid.
And while you up there in
that scholarship pussy.
I'm out here trying
to handle the RICO
that's about to
bite us in the ass.
Wait. RICO? What RICO?
The one they trying
to make Diana
flip on us for.
Yeah. nigga. so listen good.
We are not moving any
product until I say so.
Okay. you told Tariq this?
'Cause he's in motion.
Tariq knows.
And don't go breathing a
word of this shit to Effie.
because she needs to think
we're business as usual.
Fuck that!
Y'all out here trying
to set up Effie?
Boy. I done told you
everything you need to know.
so don't go thinking
for yourself.
'Cause then I'ma realize
I don't need you.
That's why you say that shit.
I say it because
it's true. Cane.
Now I got to go out
there and clean up
another one of your messes.
The fuck did I do now?
Weston Holdings.
[Cane] Nah. see?
You can't handle that
I did some smart shit.
some shit you would
have never thought of!
Cane. you ain't
do no smart shit.
You know we can't trust them
white boys on Wall Street.
You gave our money to a
bunch of motherfuckers
who never wanna see
us do well ever.
Now I gotta go get
it the fuck back.
And don't you go
talking to that girl.
because this RICO shit is real.
and it's banging at our door.
[dramatic music plays]
[sighing]
Yo! I've been calling
you. What the fuck?
I've been dealing with
some work shit. bro.
There's a fucking RICO
investigation into us. B.
Wait. RI-RICO like YSL RICO?
Yes. a fucking RICO!
How do you know?
I'll tell you later.
but right now.
we need to focus
on deading No Cap
for a few days. a'ight?
Bro. now is not the
time to zone out.
- Listen to me! Listen!
- I'm just processing the irony
that I'm the Weston
being targeted
by a federal
investigation right now.
What do you mean?
Weston Holdings is a
fucking Ponzi scheme.
I saw the books.
Wait. are you telling me this
whole fucking thing is a scam?
[Brayden] Yes.
But you can't say
anything. okay?
If my uncle finds
out that I told you.
he'll out us for dealing.
He knows about
fucking everything.
B. that means my fucking
trust fund money is gone!
Yeah. and the Tejadas'.
If Monet wants that money
back. we're fucking dead!
Yeah. we are fucking
dead. Brayden.
You're not supposed to
agree with me. Tariq!
What the fuck do
you want me to do?
- Hmm?
- I don't know.
You always come up with a plan.
You have something. right?
I don't know. man.
All I can say is.
I'm tired of being on
fucking defense. all right?
We need to get on
offense for once.
[huffs]
Fuck. fuck. fuck!
[jazz music playing]
[birds chirping]
Ma'am. I'm sorry. but the
patio is for members only.
Ma'am?
- Ma'am?
- Um. do you know her?
Mr. Weston. I'm so sorry.
Lenny. It's okay. Ms.
Tejada's a friend.
Here. have a seat.
Join us.
All right. what can I...
what can I do for you?
I've been trying to reach you.
but I was told you
weren't available.
Yes. well. I usually take
client meetings at the office.
Well. I'm not one of
your usual clients.
When I call. you
get on the phone.
When I have questions.
you answer them.
And the second I
want my money back.
you give it to me.
Am I clear?
Hmm.
A woman who speaks her mind.
Ms. Tejada. I think we
have an understanding.
And it's a real
pleasure to meet you.
[huffs]
You should use sunscreen.
You look a little pink.
[slurps]
Ooh. that's good.
Sorry.
They only gave me
Fritos and a Sprite.
No. I'm sorry
about that meeting
last night with Davis.
We just have different
defense strategies.
Well. that's why I wanted
to talk to you alone.
It's kind of fucked up. right?
Yeah. I mean especially
because everything
you tell us... well. me...
Is confidential.
The thing is...
I don't know if I
can trust Davis.
He's looking out
for a lot of people.
people like Monet.
They do seem to have a
special relationship.
And I'm just wondering.
what if he's doing what's
best for her and not me?
[sighs]
I would really hope
that's not the case.
Listen. if I tell you something.
you won't tell anyone. right?
That includes Davis.
I promise.
Diana. I just want to
get you out of here.
[dramatic music plays]
Okay.
Well. um. there's something
I think you should know.
♪ ♪
Effie Morales. She's our woman.
We've already been
down that road.
Effie doesn't connect
Tariq to anything
beyond dealing at Stansfield.
Until now.
See. Tariq used to keep
his worlds separate.
but he's letting Effie in.
to the point where she's
got her hands in everything.
So if we follow
her now. you think
she could connect
the campus drugs
to Wall Street and the
Tejadas' street business?
I do. And if she does.
she's also the most
likely to cooperate...
Straight-A student
who's got a future
other than drug dealing.
Where did you get this lead?
[sighs] From Diana Tejada.
I'm representing her
on the drug arrest.
Are you out of
your goddamn mind?
This is privileged information
you got as her attorney.
But it doesn't have to be
fruit of the poisonous tree.
We have plenty on Effie
to backfill
reasonable suspicion.
She's on the rooftop camera.
and she's a named perp
in Lauren's attempted murder.
Which was clearly
retaliation on behalf
of the drug organization.
Real cute routine you
two got going on here.
Did you practice in the tub?
Blanca. let's do this.
okay. before more
people get killed.
[scoffs]
If you're right.
this blows your cover.
You ready for that?
[tense music plays]
I am.
♪ ♪
Okay.
I'll put a tail on Morales.
[phone buzzing]
[phone beeps]
This is a business call. right?
I mean. it was until you...
came on here sounding hella
naked. and that's on you.
[chuckles]
But real talk.
I heard Tariq asked
you to do that pickup.
Sure you want to be his gofer?
I'm sorry. what's that
got to do with you?
I'm just saying. you sure
you trust this little nigga?
Uh... Cane. if you have
something to say then say it.
- [distant bang]
- [Dru] Fuck!
[rattling]
Hey. let me hit you back.
Fuck!
[Cane] Dude. what the fuck?
[TV host] So.
Everett. you came here
for a very specific purpose.
- Is that right?
- Yes.
I'd like my friends
and family and...
everyone. honestly.
to know something
I've been keeping to
myself for a long time.
I'm gay.
So why did you decide to come
on this show to say that?
Because there isn't currently
a single openly gay.
active NBA player.
But we're here. and we
shouldn't have to hide.
So I'm done with all that.
So what's the support been
like from your teammates?
They've been great.
Everyone's been really great.
I couldn't do this
without them...
and my boyfriend.
Ah yes. the BF.
Nice to meet you.
[Jemele] Same here.
So let's dish for a second here.
[uneasy music plays]
[clattering]
Where you going?
[sighs]
To drink till I
black the fuck out.
♪ ♪
[applause]
[moderator] Welcome to
the Stansfield University
congressional debate
between Councilman Rashad Tate
and his opponent.
Annie Vuong-Han.
We will be beginning
momentarily.
I can't imagine either of these
will be the friend to
us that Sweeney was.
Friends are often disguised
in the war paint of enemies.
Do you really have
to talk like that?
If you guys are gonna argue.
can you not do it
with me in the middle?
Thanks.
Let's start with something
that's on all our minds:
- rising crime rates.
- Mm.
[moderator] What's your
plan to bring them down?
Ms. Vuong-Han?
First. we need to
look at the details
behind these numbers.
Petty theft. trespass...
these are crimes of
poverty. not of malice.
Unlike my opponent here. I
actually come from poverty.
And let me tell you. these
so-called crimes of poverty
are daily intrusions that
tear away at our dignity.
which is why I recently
worked with law enforcement
to stop a major shipment
of drugs that were
about to flood into
our city. And I...
That was a publicity stunt
motivated by self-interest
and cronyism.
just like everything
Mr. Tate does.
He wants to be the
man of the poor?
Then why does his donor
list read like a who's who
of Wall Street's biggest crooks?
Or a who's who of the brave.
risk-taking men and women
who keep the city's
economy going
despite the demonization
of capitalism
that makes for a
cool Instagram post.
but not very smart
fiscal policy.
[quietly] See?
We've got our man.
[moderator] Let's move
on to another topic.
[Saxe] Hey. man.[sighs]
I'm gonna call it a
day unless you need me.
- No. all good.
- [Theo] Oh. hey.
I'm glad you're both still here.
The...
Before you say anything.
I wanna apologize
to both of you.
This transition to being
out. it ain't nothing.
- And...
- Hey man. we get it.
- No apology necessary.
- [Davis clears throat]
[Theo] And I've
got some good news.
Clinic says I'm a
great candidate.
The treatment's already working.
Ah. pfft. couldn't be
happier for you. man.
[Davis] My nigga.
May I have a fucking minute
with my own fucking brother.
please?
[scoffs] Yeah. sure. man.
Uh... good night.
[door closes]
Got a problem with white boy?
I just don't need him
knowing every little thing
about you and me.
Hope you a lot better
in court. my brother.
All right. all right. all right.
Look. I-I found out
last night that Saxe
is working with the Feds.
And you just let him
walk on out of here?
I'ma take care of it. okay?
I'm only telling you
because I'm worried
it'll fuck with your release.
I... I know. I know.
I-I messed up. and
I'm real sorry. bro.
You know. things might
work out better for you
if you ain't always so sure
you the smartest
motherfucker in the room.
[Tate] Ah babe. let's
eat. I am starving.
You want to give me your most
gentle ego-preserving feedback
over a Melba's Mac and Cheese?
I just saw you talking
to Lucas Weston.
Honey. you know AVH is right.
You're gonna be beholden
to those people.
[sighs] You're right.
But I gotta get the job first.
And as soon as I do. I'll quit
those seersucker motherfuckers
and give everyone
free health care
and an organic garden.
- Mm-hmm.
- [Tate] I promise.
You know. buttercup. you
got to do better than that.
I'm not convinced.
Can I convince you to marry me?
[sighs] Oh. Rashad.
not this again.
Yes. this again.
- I'm serious.
- No!
I'm just another thing
you need to win...
the doting wife.
Well. you're not
wrong about that.
But also. I...
happen to love you.
[tender music plays]
Stop it.
I do.
And you make me remember
why I got into all this
in the first place.
I mean. you're thoughtful.
You're brilliant.
[sighs] You know what?
I'm gonna go ahead and
cancel that lunch meeting
between myself and Lucas Weston.
- Really?
- [Tate] Yeah.
That's a good start.
[Tariq] RSJ.
[RSJ] I didn't see you
inside the debate. Tariq.
Listen. I have something I
wanna speak to you about.
I'm not sure how
I'ma say this. but...
Weston Holdings
is a Ponzi scheme.
How long have you
known about this?
- I just found out.
- Okay.
All right. all right.
I'll take you to
the SEC tomorrow.
You report what you know.
We'll make sure
you're not implicated.
[Tariq] No. no. no.
no. You do that.
you don't get a penny back
from what you've invested.
Are you suggesting that
I blackmail Lucas Weston?
I'm suggesting that you don't
let him fucking rob you.
Hold the fuck up.
I worked my ass off to get here
by doing things the right way.
I was walking away
from the Westons
before your shady ass
pulled me back in.
So let me be absolutely clear.
I'm fucked. Tariq.
because of you.
Look. I didn't know
about the Ponzi scheme.
And with all due respect. RSJ.
you're not the only
one that's fucked.
All right? So the question is.
what are you willing
to do about this?
[tense music plays]
[tense electronic music plays]
Target approaching her vehicle
near northeast campus gate.
♪ ♪
[engine turns over]
Let's go. Target
is on the move.
We're tailing.
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicking]
[discordant electronic
music plays]
♪ ♪
Morales just made a pickup.
Following to the next location.
Requesting backup.
♪ ♪
[phone buzzing]
- Hey.
- You were right.
Effie is leading us
to everything we need.
Okay. uh. g-great.
That-that's great.
Things are gonna move
fast. like within the day.
Are you sure you're
okay with this?
[uneasy music plays]
♪ ♪
Yeah.
Okay.
And. Cooper. just be careful.
[clears throat]
[indistinct chatter]
[light music plays]
♪ ♪
Dru?
Hey.
Thought that was you.
What up. Ev?
I didn't know you
liked this place too.
I was gonna tell
you I was in town.
Oh. but no.
But a nigga like me
ain't a good look
for that gay celebrity
shit you doing now.
Dru. you know...
No. it's... it's fine.
It's fine. I get it.
I made my choice.
just like you did
with your white
boy with stripes.
Really? [scoffs]
- Ev. do you want me to...
- [Dru] No. wait.
This is fine. doc.
It's fine.
[Dru] I'm happy for you.
Got yourself a good man.
Dru. maybe we should go outside.
Don't you fucking touch me!
[soft music plays]
You remember how you telling me
that I didn't know
what I wanted?
[somber music plays]
Well. I figured it out.
I found someone for me.
But never the fuck mind.
because that shit got
so fucking fucked up that...
that you-you wouldn't
possibly understand.
♪ ♪
So now he's... now he's gone.
And... and-and-and-and-and-
and I-I got nothing.
I got nothing... nothing!
You got everything.
and I got nothing.
- [Everett] It's okay.
- Right?
How does that... How
does that fucking work?
- [Everett] Okay.
- How do you get nothing...
[sobbing]
It's all gonna be okay.
[Dru continues sobbing]
[engine revs]
["Call Ticketron" playing]
- [siren wails]
- [Effie] Shit!
♪ ♪
- Fuck.
- [agent] Stop!
[agents shouting]
[agent] Grab her! Stop running!
[agent] Whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
Right here. Right here.
Easy. Take it easy.
My fucking shoulder!
[El-P] ♪ ...we aim
for the darkness ♪
♪ Make it get hot
For a target ♪
♪ Kids cook s'mores off
The crotch of our targets ♪
♪ Kumbaya. bitch ♪
♪ Buckle up. li'l trooper ♪
♪ Can't get past me I'm
stuck in the future... ♪
All right guys. let's hit it.
[Killer Mike] ♪ You can tell
By the stench in the air... ♪
On my six!
♪ ♪
[agent] Move up.
Move. move. move.
[Killer Mike] ♪ ...or
should Everybody fear? ♪
♪ ♪
It's negative.
[Killer Mike] ♪ Moving
Through the streets ♪
♪ And we lootin'. robbin'
Mobbin'. marchin'... ♪
It's fucking sugar.
[Killer Mike] ♪ ...this
is Now bank robbery ♪
♪ Jesse James gang we'll walk
You through the process ♪
♪ You don't wanna be a hero ♪
♪ Do not let That
thought process... ♪
He said let her go.
You fucking heard
him! Let me go!
Fuck off of me!
♪ ♪
[keys tapping]
[phone buzzes]
♪ ♪
[phone chimes]
Ma. take a look at this.
[Dru] I found someone for me.
But never the fuck mind.
'cause that shit got
so fucking fucked up that...
that you-you wouldn't
possibly understand.
And now he's...
now he's gone and...
and-and-and-and-and I...
I got nothing.
This shit has gone viral.
He told us everything was good.
And still nothing from Gordo.
[quiet dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
We need to have another
conversation with Dru.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Where's Dru?
That's your son.
Let's get this shit over with.
All right.
Well. with the Feds knowing
that we're on to them.
they've got to regroup.
So that buys us some more time.
What's this?
Skinny nigga Masterclass
on how to beat a RICO?
- Cane. shut up.
- [Cane] So. Tariq...
Nigga always saying
some dumb shit.
You gonna go after
your man Saxe.
or you gonna pull a
Lauren and chauffeur
his snitch ass out of town?
Because the nigga
got to get dead.
Listen. I'll take
care of it. all right?
Right now. we've got to worry
about getting a new distro
for Wall Street before
Noma starts asking us
more fucking questions.
[knocking]
Fuck is this?
[uneasy music plays]
♪ ♪
I know what y'all did. and
I know why y'all did it.
I don't understand why
you all had to leave me
in the dark about it.
A'ight. look. Effie.
We needed someone
on the outside.
and you weren't at risk.
Well. you got a point.
We shouldn't have
left you in the dark.
but we here now.
It's all good.
I'da did the same shit
to any one of y'all.
Are you coming?
Enjoy the rest of
your Ted Talk. Ma.
You knew about that?
Look. I don't give a shit
about who's fucking who.
We need to talk about
Weston Holdings.
I don't trust that St. Bernard-
looking motherfucker for shit.
And I want a cashier's check
of my full amount on Monday.
Every penny. Tariq.
Let yourself out.
[uneasy music plays]
♪ ♪
[keys clacking]
[line ringing]
[Brayden] Yo. what up. Riq?
Yo. we running out of time.
We got to do this shit today.
♪ ♪
Sugar. pounds and pounds of it.
[sighs] Did they
check everywhere?
They knew we were
coming. Cooper.
which means they knew about you.
No.
Fuck. there's no way
Diana Tejada suspected me.
There has to be
another explanation.
I have one.
Good. What is it?
You're working for
them. and you set up
this whole thing to burn me.
[scoffs]
Burn you?
Jenny. I'm the one
who just got fucking burned here
because of your
team's sloppy work.
My team acted off
the intelligence
that you gave them!
And if they did it right. Tariq
and his serial killer associates
would be behind bars right now.
not waiting around the
next fucking corner
to kill me.
I told you Diana was smart.
Oh. my God.
I have a target on my back.
and all you can say
is. "I told you so"?
This affects me too.
I banked everything
on this investigation.
and now I have shit all over me.
I'm sorry. but I can't ask
for protection for you now.
[uneasy music plays]
Phew.
[laughs humorlessly]
You know...
[smacks lips]
You know Jenny. for
a while there...
[sighs]
it felt good to like you.
to actually want to be with you.
[tense music plays]
But you will never know
what that feels like
because the only
thing you're loyal to
is your own fucked-up ambition.
and that is a lonely.
miserable life.
but it suits you.
Fuck you. Saxe.
Never again. Jenny.
Never again.
♪ ♪
[line ringing]
Tariq. it's Saxe.
Listen.
I know where Tasha and
Yas are. and if I die.
that information does too.
[door opens]
So call off your dogs and...
[panting]
[phone beeps]
Theo... Theo... listen.
I promise none of this
affects you or your release.
Shut the fuck up and drive.
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[phone buzzing]
[Lucas] Well. I have a
dinner meeting to get to.
but I can always make time for
my favorite limited partner...
And the youth!
So glad you brought them.
Shut the fuck up. Lucas.
I've never met a man with so
little integrity in my life.
Whoa. sorry. Wh-where
is this coming from?
I know it's a Ponzi. Lucas.
RSJ. I am so sorry
that you have found yourself
in the middle of
a family squabble.
But that is a lie
that my drug dealing...
fuck-up nephew is
telling to cover...
Stop talking! [bangs table]
I'll call the SEC tonight.
Or we can handle it another way.
and I keep my mouth shut.
In exchange. you return
every dollar of my investment
and Tariq's trust fund.
And. uh. the other thing. RSJ...
And the Tejada money.
You ungrateful.
entitled little...
[inhales]
And you!
Guess you think
this is the hood.
[chuckles]
Guess what? It is not.
My nigga. this whole world
is the hood. all right?
Shut the fuck up.
[laughs in disbelief]
You're gonna regret this.
Calm the fuck down. Lucas.
And if you do anything
against Tariq or Brayden.
I'll leave an anonymous tip
with my friends
at the commission
the second I receive
all my money.
I guess we're all gonna
have to get along now.
We're all in this together.
I'm not in anything with you.
but I can't disagree
that I find myself...
uh. skewered ass to mouth like
a suckling pig over hot coals.
[inhales]
But as is the nature
of these situations.
I don't currently have
the funds for repayment.
I've created a repayment
plan based on your rate
of new investment.
Let's just hope the
Feds don't find out
until I'm paid in full.
Oh. I've got that covered.
[knocking]
MJ. The Musical. front
row. you and I...
Boom.
Mwah! [laughs]
Ain't so bad being my
plus one. now is it?
I had an interesting chat
with Brushaundria today.
Oh. no. no. listen.
I'm not trying to look
at any intern's titties.
I mean. it's not my fault them
just be jiggling and twerking
- around the damn office.
- Rashad...
she said that you met
with Lucas Weston.
[scoffs]
After you told me you wouldn't.
[sighs]
You're right.
I...
[sighs]
I lied. okay. and I'm sorry.
Okay?
But you know what. baby?
Starting right now.
in this very moment.
we're gonna have a fully
honest relationship.
I've been honest
with you. Rashad.
So a brother's off
to a slow start.
Not funny.
Okay. listen.
Here's everything.
Not only did I meet
with Weston today.
I also accepted a
campaign donation.
A donation?
You have to give that back.
[laughs] Give
it... give it back.
No. no. see. uh. I did...
that I cannot do.
You know? I'm into
this honesty thing.
I'm just not into losing.
Okay.
That's funny. because
you're losing me.
[somber music plays]
♪ ♪
[Saxe] Tariq.
It's Saxe. Listen.
I know where Tasha and
Yas are. and if I die.
that information does too.
[sighs]
So call off your dogs...
And this shit just ends.
Called him. like. ten
times. no answer. nothing.
We've got to get to him
before the Tejadas do.
That motherfucker ain't stupid.
He's probably bluffing.
Either way. I'm sure he's
halfway to some family bunker
in Montana by now.
[phone buzzing]
I gotta take this.
MacLean.
Yes. I'm his emergency contact.
But he told me the
treatments were working.
Yes.
I understand.
[phone beeps]
[Theo] This is Theo. Do
the thing you do here.
- [voice mail beeps]
- Theo.
Why have you been lying
about your treatments?
Hmm? Stop fucking ignoring me!
- [phone beeps]
- Yo. you good?
No. I'm not good.
My brother's fucking dying.
and he won't pick up my calls.
Shit.
You have any idea
where he could be?
What time did you
get Saxe's voicemail?
- Hour ago.
- [Davis] Fuck.
What?
I told Theo Saxe betrayed me.
and-and now I think
he's gonna make him pay.
Fuck. man. your
brother's with Saxe?
Until the crazy
motherfucker kills him. yes.
Davis. if Saxe
dies. we're fucked.
Hey. shut up already.
I think I might
know where they are.
♪ ♪
[truck squealing]
Ma.
[Monet] You okay?
You did good. baby girl.
Yeah. but my charges
are still pending.
- Davis will handle those.
- He better.
What I just say?
Ma. and that ain't all.
I want out... out the
game and out of New York.
I'm thinking I can transfer
to Spelman at semester.
And I know you got
enough to cover
tuition and living expenses.
It'd be a fresh start for me.
Fresh start.
I'll give you a fresh slap
upside your fucking head.
Go get in the car. Diana.
Fuck.
I hate this shit.
[smooth music plays]
[singer] ♪ I know
it's been A long day ♪
♪ And you waiting
To come home to me ♪
♪ So just lay ♪
♪ Your head upon me ♪
♪ You're not lonely ♪
♪ I'm always here ♪
♪ To take the pressure off ♪
♪ I know the world
goes hard On you ♪
♪ And there's so much
On your shoulders baby ♪
♪ I'm here for you ♪
♪ How many times
I gotta tell you ♪
♪ I'm here for you ♪
♪ When the sky ain't blue
And the show is over ♪
♪ I'm here for you... ♪
Baby. hold up.
You sure you cool with
how everything went down?
Hundred percent. You?
Somewhere between 80 and 110.
- I think we're fine.
- [Cane] Oh yeah?
Mm-hmm. [giggling]
- [knock at door]
- [person] Maintenance.
Got a gas leak on your floor.
Got to check your vent.
[Effie] You have got to be
fucking joking right now.
Yeah. tell them I'm checking
your vents right now.
[Effie giggling]
[person] Okay. coming in.
[Effie] Hold on.
I'm getting dressed.
Effie Morales. you
are under arrest.
What the fuck?
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
[sighs]
Get the fuck off of me!
Hey. y'all got a
fucking warrant?
[chuckles] Why.
you her lawyer?
Why don't you shut the fuck up
before I bring your ass in too?
Let's go.
[panting]
[ominous music plays]
♪ ♪
What the fuck is this?
That place was clean.
and you know it.
You're not being arrested
for drug dealing. Effie.
Then what fucking for?
Attempted murder.
Yeah. that's her.
That's the bitch that
tried to kill me.
♪ ♪
[cop] This way.
- [cop] Move it.
- [cop] Move. Get in the car.
[Jenny] Okay. let's go.
♪ ♪
Theo. Theo. I promise you.
I will disappear forever!
That's exactly
what's gonna happen!
Come on. man. you're
free. You're free. okay?
- Shut up!
- You don't have to do this.
- Shut up.
- Theo. Theo!
- Shut up!
- [Saxe] Listen to me.
Theo. Theo. wait.
- Please. Theo...
- Theo!
Put the fucking gun down!
Get the fuck out of here. Davis!
Davis. thank you. Listen. man...
Shut the fuck up. Saxe!
This traitor gotta
go. little brother.
And I'm the perfect
one to do it.
Look. it's not over
for you. okay. bro?
Look. there'll be more
treatments. more clinics.
No. man. it is over. It's over.
I lied about the treatment so
you'd stop worrying about me.
I've got a month at best.
[Tariq] Yo. you pull that
trigger. you only making shit
worse for Davis.
Listen to your
fucking brother. man.
He's right. Theo.
Theo. look at me.
Put the gun down.
please. for me.
You'll be fine. brother.
Besides. this ain't about you!
See. you ain't never
think about what I want.
This is it.
No. Theo. listen. please!
[gunshot]
[spacey music plays]
[echoing thud]
♪ ♪
Oh. God. Jesus!
Fuck! No. no. no. no. no. Theo!
Theo! Theo! Look at me. Theo.
Look at me.
Give me the fucking gun. Okay?
Give me the fucking gun.
I can still fix this.
You're not taking
the blame for this.
I'm not letting you
go back to prison.
You right about that. baby bro.
♪ ♪
We both free now.
Oh. fuck!
Motherfucker!
God damn it. Theo. why?
♪ ♪
[distantly. sobbing] Oh. my...
Motherfucker!
♪ ♪
Why would you do that?
[distant sirens wailing]
[sobbing]
♪ ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-